c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\PipeProxyRestServer.dll
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\PipeProxyRestServer.pdb
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\PipeProxy.exe
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\PipeProxy.pdb
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\obj\Debug\PipeProxyRestServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\obj\Debug\PipeProxyRestServer.dll
c:\users\chezhang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PipeProxyRestServer\PipeProxyRestServer\obj\Debug\PipeProxyRestServer.pdb
